Q.1.  How to write on resume :-
->  Flight Fare Prediction Web-App 
∗ Deployed a web-app for predicting the flight fare between any two cities in India.
∗ Used several ML algorithms, data needed a lot of cleaning and scaling, 200+ visitors so far.(Third party API used that counts visitors based on their country ip address)


Q.2. What is API ?
-> Refer somewhere.

Q 3. Explanation 

-> We have been given a dataset containing airline, source destination, arrival time, dep time price etc.
.Price is dependent feature. All other attributes are independent.

.The journey date is in string format, so we took out the date and month separately as an integer..because the machine only understands integers.
We are only considering one year data..thats why we did not take year into account.

.The dep time is in string format, so we took out the hour and minute separately as an integer.

.The arrival time is in string format, so we took out the hour and minute separately as an integer.

.In our dataset, The duration given to us is uneven i.e. in some cases it has given hours and minutes and in some cases, it has given only hours or only minutes.
So we split up the duration string into two parts if the given duration has hours and minutes.
Or, if only hour or only minute is given then we split in this way given below.
19h = {"19h","0m"}
30m = {"0h","30m"}

.And now we are splitting the duration hours and duration minutes for calculation.

.We have now performed one hot encoding on the airplane data as it is a nominal categorical data. (One hot encoding means )

.We will be doing the same one hot encoding on the source data as it is nominal categorical data.
We do the same thing for destination also.

.The ROUTE data is equivalent to NUMBER of STOPS column. So we can drop the ROUTE data from the table..It is of no use to us.

. We replace the string "1 stop" to 1. "no stop" to 0. "2 stops" to 2 and so on. (This is label encoding. As it is ordinal data).
(In label encoding, we assign certain integer values to strings, for furthur calculation.)

.Now, do the same steps on the test dataset.

.Then we have used "extraTreeRegressor" to find out the attributes that are important for our output variable i.e. price.

.Now applying algorithms
1). Fitting model into random forest.
	-> Split train and test set data.
	->Import model.
	->Fit the data.
	->Predict.